Prevent adding annotation label duplicates (#92)
lightly-ai/lightly-studio: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Preventing adding of duplicated annotation labels: Fixed an issue that occurred when adding samples from yolo using multiple splits. 

Reviewer: Minor:
```suggestion
- Prevent duplicated annotation labels: Fixed an issue that occurred when adding samples from yolo using multiple splits. 
```
